Hello everyone, lidar murtazin and you
talk today what to choose galaxy s6
or galaxy s6 edge 2 devices 2 different
of fate
I will honestly say that I asked a question today
about which machine to me of these two
of course I had to choose for simplicity
experiment probably take the machine
white and white or black and
black and then it would be more
fair comparison but honestly you
I confess that my soul lies to Joe and for
edge voted a little more
people from the image point of view he
looks completely different than
some other devices but that is
phones from other manufacturers
fresh wave if you want something fresh
in the market why because there is
small bend on both sides i.e.
this here comes the screen screen a little bit
curved climbs the side
if we compare their backup sidewalls then
it turns out that this is a wide side
here the side as a hall knowing for
account of it
visually first of all it seems
much thinner well because
notice the metal edge he
here is thinner than here on this machine
almost double
it is only visual and deceptive
impression on the craft actually
absolutely almost the same
dimensions believe it in their hands so they
different but different not strong
but the second point is the screens themselves 51 screens
51 inches in size they are not
these strips differ
fit on the side
just pay attention to herself
strip
here is the very fold of the bend itself is very small
virtually no color distortion if we
talking about what you get with
using this strip
not so much in fact
because when we
let's see we have a section
curved screen
It means the backlight edge when the device
lies like this here goes
backlight if you got a call there
missed here some contact
which was u missed call
messages to him here are these messages which
shown here you can
choose different panels
which will be shown on the side
to the side it will be some channels it will be
weather and things like that on the side
side and night hours with how much we have with
10 probably up to 22 let's assume
will move to the right side so it is easier
there is this right side here we are
get i think you don't see now
because the backlight is very very bright
but in total darkness when really
darkness you see the date here and see
here
but actually when the time
the darkness you are so apparatus lies it is very
cool in terms of what you see
who is it what is it
let me try calling him and
we will see now
in fact I won't be able to him now
call because i have a sim card
in another device but not the essence
the call is still displayed
here if we are talking about this one
curved screen it is fully touch with
point of view of the fact that only but on
edges
the outer light is playing rather and the brink
curved not very much but the most
the main thing is that when we work with this
I have a border anyway
there is a feeling that the first
time is worth getting used to it and
it is from a practical point of view
ergonomics probably not so good with
the other side really but he
looks just gorgeous is two different
apparatus he even outwardly here you know it
optical illusion he looks like
Much thinner than this
the device is really thinner on
millimeter
but at the same time they are very aesthetically different
different very much so very licked
familiar and here this device edge is just
a fairy tale for the price they differ very much
just if it is assumed for the price
50 thousand the edge will cost approximately
5 thousand more expensive
naturally it is about the same volume
memory inside the back panel she
framed and have both apparatus
exactly the same camera is the same
all the same then there is no
the difference you will not find just the difference
There is in that in c6 the usual nano-sim
hidden on the left side here
due to the fact that her thin frame
hid
on the top of everything else
also well there is a microphone slightly shifted
the microphone here is offset by vodka on the top
butt here if we look here here
all the same that is in essence
The apparatus turned out to be both very
interesting
Of course due to the higher price with s6
edge will sell less from the point
interface performance and
other things they are exactly the same
no difference a little narrower
This screen looks like a battery
by the way here 2550 is built in here
2600 but in real life that difference
no effect on the processor and there and
there and memory is absolutely
same to me again stressed
probably seems to us aesthetic point
view see what you like more
I like s6 edge more from all
points of view but also accessories for it
A little more interesting, but about this we
talk separately i will show you how
effexor looks like in a separate video which
charging cases and things like that
exist for these devices on this
all do not forget to like about it
video about these devices thank if
it seems to you that in general you need to say
thanks, I think all the same
From 6 years old will be my next machine
which will replace the 5 on the channel
many videos about and appear
these devices compared to other
models again 4 out of 5
sony xperia z3 well, and about the interface already
talked in some detail therefore
watch these videos do not forget to put
huskies
thank you in advance for them good luck
good mood bye